.TH SM 1 "2011 November 27 SM Framework"

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sm 
{options...} files action {action-params}

.SH DESCRIPTION
S{cripting,ystem} Manager (SM) Framework (Core) API files documentation

.SH Installation
To load the files module API, add 'api/files' to the shell/includes file.

.SH Actions
.TP 13
.B are executable {filename(s)}
Test if all files given are executable.
.TP 13
.B are nonempty {filename(s)}
Test if all files given are nonempty.
.TP 13
.B are symlinks {filename(s)}
Test if all files given are symlinks.
.TP 13
.B change owner {user} {filename}
Changes the owner of the file, provided the user executing the script has permissions to do so.
.TP 13
.B change permissions {mode} {filename}
Changes the permissions of a given file.
.TP 13
.B chmod {mode} {filename}
Changes the permissions of a given file.
.TP 13
.B chown {user} {filename}
Changes the owner of the file, provided the user executing the script has permissions to do so.
.TP 13
.B copy from {origin} to {destination}
Copy the contents of a file onto another. 
.TP 13
.B create {filename}
Creates a file.
.TP 13
.B exist {filename}
Test if multiple files exists.
.TP 13
.B exists {filename(s)}
Test if a file exists.
.TP 13
.B expand {filename}
Expands the file to the full (absolute, not relative) path listing.
.TP 13
.B in {path(s)}
List all files located within given paths.
.TP 13
.B is empty {filename}
Tests if a file is empty.
.TP 13
.B is executable {filename}
Tests if a file is executable.
.TP 13
.B is nonemtpy {filename}
Test if a file is nonempty.
.TP 13
.B is symlink {filename}
Test if a file is a symlink.
.TP 13
.B link symbolic [force] from {origin} to {destination}
Creates a symbolic link (symlink) to a given file.
.TP 13
.B md5 {filename}
Gathers the md5 sum of a given file.
.TP 13
.B move from {origin} to {destination}
We can move a file from one location to another.
.TP 13
.B open {filename}
Open filename using a means appropriate for your operating system.
.TP 13
.B remove {filename}
Removes filename.
.TP 13
.B replace regex {exp1} with {exp2} in {filename}
Replaces a regexp with a second regexp in a given file.
.TP 13
.B search
??
.TP 13
.B sha 256 {filename}
Gathers the 256 bit sha sum of a given file.
.TP 13
.B sha 512 {filename}
Gathers the 512 bit sha sum of a given file.
.TP 13
.B source {filename(s)}
Sources a file, if it exists.
.TP 13
.B touch {filename}
Creates an empty file.
.TP 13
.B within {path(s)}
Lists all files located within given paths.
.TP 13
.B write string {filename}
Write another string to the file.
.TP 13
.B write append string {filename}
Write another string to the file but this time append.

.SH Options
.TP 13
.B --trace={filter}
Show trace output for functions using specified filter.
.TP 13
.B --trace
Equivalent to
.B --trace=action
- show only called action trace.
.TP 13
.B --trace=all
Show trace output for all functions that are not excluded, by default excluded is (
.B -search
).
.TP 13
.B --debug={filter}
Show debug messages for given filter.
.TP 13
.B --var-debug={variable_name}
Display changes and stacktrace when the given {variable_name} changes.
.TP 13
.B --var-debug-short
Show only list of functions instead of full stack trace when using
.B --var-debug={variable_name}
