.TH SM 1 "2011 November 27" "SM Framework"

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sm 
{options...} paths action {action-params}

.SH DESCRIPTION
S{cripting,ystem} Manager (SM) Framework (Core) API files documentation

.SH Installation
To load the files module API, add 'api/paths' to the shell/includes file.

.SH Actions
.TP 13
.B chmod recursively mode {mode} {path} 
Recursively change the permissions of the given path.
.TP 13
.B chown {user} {path}
Changes the owner of a given path, provided the user executing the script has permissions to do so.
.TP 13
.B copy from {origin path} to {destination path}
Copy the given path from origin to destination.
.TP 13
.B create {path}
Creates a path.
.TP 13
.B enter {path}
Enters a path. Unlike 'cd' this action will emit a backtrace upon failure.
.TP 13
.B exist {path}
Tests for the existence of path.
.TP 13
.B expand {path name}
?
.TP 13
.B move {origin path} to {destination path}
 Moves origin path to destination path.
.TP 13
.B remove {path name}
Removes a path.


.SH Options
.TP 13
.B --trace={filter}
Show trace output for functions using specified filter.
.TP 13
.B --trace
Equivalent to
.B --trace=action
- show only called action trace.
.TP 13
.B --trace=all
Show trace output for all functions that are not excluded, by default excluded is (
.B -search
).
.TP 13
.B --debug={filter}
Show debug messages for given filter.
.TP 13
.B --var-debug={variable_name}
Display changes and stacktrace when the given {variable_name} changes.
.TP 13
.B --var-debug-short
Show only list of functions instead of full stack trace when using
.B --var-debug={variable_name}
